Add wg-parallel-rustc. (#15)
rust-lang/compiler-team: working-groups/parallel-rustc/NOTES.md

> #### *<p align="center">This page is an example template. No meetings yet.</p>*

Reviewer: I'd probably remove this and just say something like "This working group hasn't had any meetings yet."

Reviewer 2: This line from the template still exists.

Author: Yeah, I thought it kinda makes sense to leave it like this until there are actual meeting notes.

Reviewer 2: Ah, I hadn't noticed that it changed to remove the "this page is an example template" part of the message. My bad.

# parallel-rustc Meeting Notes

> This document contains meeting notes from the NLL working group.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This document contains meeting notes from the parallel rustc working group.
```

> This document contains meeting notes from the NLL working group.

Reviewer: NLL?

> ## 2019-02-22: [Triage Meeting][triage20190222]

Reviewer 2: Perhaps remove the link until there is a meeting to link to.
